Frederick "Fred" Flintstone, also known as Fred W. Flintstone or Frederick J.
Flintstone, is the protagonist of the animated sitcom The Flintstones, which
aired during prime-time on ABC during the original series' run from 1960 to
1966. fred is the husband of wilma Flintstone and father of Pebbles
Flintstone. His best friends are his next door neighbors, Barney and Betty
Rubble, who have an adopted son named Bamm-Bamm.

Mr. Slate is Fred's hot-tempered boss at the stone quarry. Though he is friends
with Fred and Barney and often joins them for events such as parties, he is
often not impressed with Fred's antics at the quarry, and has fired him on many
occasions, only to give him his job back at the end. A running gag is his ever-
changing first name, which has been presented as Sylvester, Nate, Oscar and
George. On the episode "The Long, Long, Long Weekend", which originally aired
on January 21, 1966, he is shown as being the founder of Slate Rock and Gravel
Company. The company is still in business two million years later and is being
run by his descendant George Slate the Eighty-Thousandth. Note: The more-
recognized character of Mr. Slate was called "Mr. Rockhead" in a few of the
earlier episodes of the Flintstones and Mr. Slate was a short character with
black hair. For no explained reason, these two characters' identities switched
and the now short character called "Mr. Rockhead" faded out of existence.

Alfred Thaddeus Pablo Diego JosÃ©rancisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno MarÃ­de
los Remedios Cipriano de la SantÃ­ma Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso Crane Pennyworth
is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC
Comics, most commonly in association with Batman. The character first appears
in Batman #16 (April 1943), and was created by writers Bob Kane and Bill
Finger, and artist Jerry Robinson. Alfred serves as a loyal, tireless butler
who assists his employer's secret life as Batman. In modern interpretations, he
is depicted as Bruce Wayne's butler, legal guardian, best friend, aide-de-camp,
and surrogate father figure following the murders of Thomas Wayne and Martha
Wayne, though many believe he is responsible for their deaths. He has sometimes
been called "Batman's batman". He also provides comic relief, as his sometimes
sarcastic and cynical attitude often adds humor to dialogue occurring between
himself and Batman. A vital part of the Batman mythos, Alfred was nominated for
the Wizard Fan Award for Favorite Supporting Male Character in 1994.

